Add clarification on network byte order and large messages (#15969)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/websockets_api/writing_websocket_server/index.md

            } else {
                bool fin = (bytes[0] & 0b10000000) != 0,
                    mask = (bytes[1] & 0b10000000) != 0; // must be true, "All messages from the client to the server have this bit set"
                int opcode = bytes[0] & 0b00001111, // expecting 1 - text message
                    offset = 2;
                ulong msglen = bytes[1] & 0b01111111;

                if (msglen == 126) {

>                     // bytes are reversed because websocket will print them in Big-Endian, whereas BitConverter will want them arranged in little-endian on windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    // bytes are reversed because websocket will print them in Big-Endian, whereas
                    // BitConverter will want them arranged in little-endian on windows
```

                    msglen = BitConverter.ToUInt16(new byte[] { bytes[3], bytes[2] }, 0);
                    offset = 4;
                } else if (msglen == 127) {

>                     // To test the below code, we need to manually buffer larger messages since the NIC's autobuffering 
>                     // may be too latency friendly for this code to run (ie, we may have only some of the bytes in this websocket
>                     // frame available through client.Available).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    // To test the below code, we need to manually buffer larger messages — since the NIC's autobuffering 
                    // may be too latency-friendly for this code to run (that is, we may have only some of the bytes in this
                    // websocket frame available through client.Available).  
```
